BD-1296: Braze to Braze webhooks (#3276)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/webhooks/braze_to_braze_webhooks.md

## Steps for creating a Braze to Braze webhook

While the specifics of your webhook request will vary from use case to use case, the general workflow for creating a Braze to Braze webhook stays the same.

1. [Create a webhook][5] as a campaign or Canvas step. 
2. Choose **Blank Template**.
3. In the **Compose** tab, specify the **Webhook URL** and **Request Body** as noted for your use case.
4. In the **Settings** tab, specify your **HTTP Method** and **Request Headers** as noted for your use case.
5. Continue to build out the rest of your webhook as needed. Note that some use cases require specific delivery settings, such as triggering the campaign or Canvas off of a custom event.

### Use case: Add an event or attribute to a user's profile

With this use case, you can update a user's profile with an event, event property, or attribute as part of a campaign or Canvas. For example, a B2C website may add an attribute of `purchase_lapsers=true` to a user's profile if they don't convert from an abandoned cart campaign or Canvas to allow those users to be retargeted with subsequent messaging.

> Another common use case is a workaround to make event properties persist throughout a Canvas, rather than just the first step. This involves adding an event property as a custom attribute so that you can reference that event property throughout a Canvas. Note that [Canvas persistent entry properties][6] solves for this issue, and is currently in beta. Please reach out to your Braze account manager for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another common use case is a workaround to make event properties persist throughout a Canvas, rather than just the first step. This involves adding an event property as a custom attribute so that you can reference that event property throughout a Canvas. Note that [Canvas persistent entry properties][6] solves for this issue, and is currently in beta. Rreach out to your Braze account manager for more information.
```

2. For the Canvas **Entry Schedule**, select **API-Triggered**.
3. Make note of your **Canvas ID**, you'll need this in a later step.
4. Continue building out the steps of your second Canvas, then save the Canvas.
5. Finally, create your first Canvas. Find the step where you want to trigger the second Canvas and create a new step with a webhook. 

Refer to the following when configuring your webhook:

- **Webhook URL:** Your [REST endpoint URL][7] followed by `canvas/trigger/send`. For example, for the US-06 instance, the URL would be `https://rest.iad-06.braze.com/canvas/trigger/send`.
- **Request Body:** Raw Text

#### Request headers and method

Braze requires an HTTP header for authorization that includes your API key and another that declares your `content-type`.

- **Request Header:**
  - **Authorization:** Bearer `YOUR_API_KEY`
  - **Content-Type:** application/json
- **HTTP Method:** POST

Replace `YOUR_API_KEY` with a Braze API key with `canvas.trigger.send` permissions. You can create an API key within the Braze dashboard at **Developer Console** > **REST API Key** > **Create New API Key**.

![][1]

#### Request body

> Add your `canvas/trigger/send` request in the text field. For more details, refer to [Sending Canvas messages via API-triggered  delivery][9]. The following is an example of the request body for this endpoint, where `your_canvas_id` is the Canvas ID from your second Canvas: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add your `canvas/trigger/send` request in the text field. For more details, refer to [Sending Canvas messages via API-triggered delivery][9]. The following is an example of the request body for this endpoint, where `your_canvas_id` is the Canvas ID from your second Canvas: 
```
